Refine Name Servers Explanation articles (#1916)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/what-are-glue-records.md

---
title: What Are Glue Records?
excerpt: Glue records are address data for in-zone name servers, stored at the delegating parent so resolvers can bootstrap delegation without a circular lookup.
meta: Glue records are A or AAAA data for authoritative server names that fall inside the delegated zone. The parent zone serves them with NS delegation so resolvers avoid circular dependency.
categories:
  - DNS
  - Name Servers
---

# What Are Glue Records?

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

<div class="mb4 aspect-ratio aspect-ratio--16x9 z-0">
  <iframe loading="lazy" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/m_RaPIRNxFs?rel=0&modestbranding=1&cc_load_policy=1&cc_lang_pref=en" class="aspect-ratio--object" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> [!NOTE]
> The above video also demonstrates adding missing glue records directly from the Edit delegation page. However, this is no longer supported. Glue records can only be added via applying [name server sets](/articles/name-server-sets/#creating-an-account-name-server-set) that contain the necessary glue records.

> Glue records are A or AAAA addresses for authoritative name server hostnames that sit inside the same zone being delegated. They are published in the parent zone (for example the TLD) alongside the NS set for your domain so resolvers can reach those servers without asking the child zone first. That avoids a circular dependency. For general context on authoritative servers, see [What is a name server?](/articles/what-is-a-nameserver/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glue records are the IP addresses, stored as A or AAAA records, for authoritative name servers when those name server hostnames live inside the domain being delegated. For example, if example.com uses ns1.example.com as one of its name servers, the parent zone, often the TLD, must publish the IP address for ns1.example.com together with the NS delegation.

Resolvers need those IP addresses so they can reach the authoritative name servers before querying the child zone. This prevents the lookup from circling back on itself. For general context on authoritative servers, see [What is a name server?](/articles/what-is-a-nameserver/).
```

## The circular dependency problem {#circular-dependency}

> Suppose `example.com` is delegated to `ns1.example.com` and `ns2.example.com` (a common pattern for [vanity name servers](/articles/what-are-vanity-name-servers/)). To query `ns1.example.com`, the resolver needs its IP address. Normally it would follow delegation into `example.com`, but authority for `example.com` is exactly what `ns1.example.com` is supposed to provide. Glue breaks that loop by supplying the addresses from the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine example.com is delegated to ns1.example.com and ns2.example.com. That pattern is common with [vanity name servers](/articles/what-are-vanity-name-servers/)). To talk to ns1.example.com, the resolver needs its IP address. The obvious next step is to look up data for example.com and follow delegation. But delegation already says that example.com is answered by ns1.example.com. You cannot resolve ns1.example.com by asking example.com first without going in a circle.
Glue fixes that. The parent zone (above example.com) publishes the IP addresses for ns1.example.com and ns2.example.com together with the NS records. The resolver gets the IPs from the parent and moves forward without asking the child zone first.
```
